well not only only a few more hours till
Christmas is here is there anything
you'd like your big brother to get you
did you make the world a gentler place
like you promised in Episode three uh
that's more of a concept than a gift
pick something else
I wish my best friend Alice wasn't dead
a Christmas theme bedtime story it is
yeah just what I always wanted I'm gonna
tell you a story about the night we lost
Christmas but then found something a lot
better twas the night before Christmas
and all over the world everyone was
happy except for one girl or was it a
boy I'm not really sure as to what kind
of gender I'm supposed to infer for now
the he she poked his head out the window
and peered into space to see people
frolicking in the snow blinking it
across the place he saw them take part
in winter theme Glee throwing snowballs
making snowmen and riding names with
their pee but the boy got angry when he
saw them praise the seasonal Glee this
is preposterous he said they should be
worshipping me so the characters a boy
now I'm telling a story I must stop this
happiness at once he declared as he
marched through the house and stopped up
the stairs he was surfing the airwaves
and pondered what to do he flipped
through special after special his eyes
glued to the
you watched every excellent show from
Burton to Seuss some were very good
others made him reach for a nukes that's
it he declared as his plan was unfurled
I'll use Santa Claus to help me rule the
world he thought of a plan and find a
quick a plan that was evil because he
was a dick the douche gathered his
henchmen as soon as night fell and
rushed towards Santa's words not ready
to give him how he knew Santa could get
to any house on earth but only on the
anniversary of Jesus Christ's birth
lalala storytime lalalala
if bells on his heels he stormed the
gates of the castle it was like a Peter
Jackson war scene but without all the
animated hassle diaper frames and guns
firing
it wants an assault
this body only
godoh looks gruesome filled with blood
sweated gone the Jewish knew this was
the time to settle an old score
he'd never gotten all the presents he
requested in the past but all seem
acceptable socks and underwear perhaps
but no more with the boys suffer from
the gifts of the lame the end was a man
of this Yuletide game with the fury of
age this is getting surprisingly violent
yeah I guess Zack Schneider right this
next part I feel we should have a
Christmas special that doesn't put us to
sleep do you really think this is
appropriate I'm appealing to our target
audience boys and girls of all ages
anyone in the world could hear this
story and fall in love with it that's
the fun can we just skip ahead to after
the fight but Jack Skellington is gonna
appear and sing a song about the rapture
now Lelouch fine but if we lose the golf
crowd it's your fault in the end the
douche one is epic battle to the death
clothes torn skin cuts and all out of
breath a workshop was is now he was the
man now he can begin phase two of his
diabolical plan he ordered the elves
after controlling their minds to
construct devices of his own insidious
design machines that would be sent to
the doors of every home every chimney
with fire at every house with a No now
the douche at Santa's workshop
no homeowner was safe all that you love
would be at the mercy of his eight that
doesn't really rhyme father story
talking now with the eight tiny reindeer
lost in the fray
The Deuce saddled up his nightmare to
pull his new sleigh with the speed of
Sakura Knight the frame left in a blur
fast enough to satisfy the villainous
curve at the end of the night he
traversed the whole world and gave his
dastardly gifts to each boy in each girl
the night was now over at the plan of
success now
and home for some much-needed rest for
one Christmas morning arose he would
soon be revered and the world would
belong to him and his powerful um beard
he has a beard he always had a beard the
entire time you just didn't notice it
December 25th came along and children
rushed to their toys made with love care
and the labor of many Asian boys but
when they open their gifts they were
indeed surprised to find not toys but a
Geils going straight into their eyes
within hours the masses gathered in
Times Square with bad breath bloodshot
eyes and bent head shaped hair but to
them that didn't matter they didn't care
how they looked for they had only one
plan on their mental notebooks citizens
mission was clear they had one desire to
serve the douche until their lifespans
expire our villains stepped down and
addressed his former peers and issued
his first orders to his new servants
ears greetings my slaves he announced
the crowd I have big plans for this
winter here's how things are going down
whether it's Christmas Hanukkah or
Kwanzaa you crave very Geass to all and
to all you're my slaves and they all
lived happily ever after the end
but they were all forced to be slaves
how is that happy well the douche got
his Christmas wish and in the end is
that not the meaning of Christmas know
the meaning of Christmas is the birth of
Jesus Christ
all right not only it's getting late so
drink your nyquil I mean eggnog
is there any chance that said it's gonna
give us back a rich successful lives is
printing princess sure normally he can
do that really no so this Christmas I
hope you choke on your spoon bag baby
what story because it's apparently what
you crave you stupid listener so I took
liberties excuse me you might have a
heart in delivering food for your ear
you know what don't deserve my we made
why don't you go ahead kill this
Christmas dog blows us everyone Yeah
right
ha ha